## (05/09/2019) New Architecture

### Context, variables, and activity/step results (DONE 06/16/2019)

Variables should be stores in Context in handle() method (last argument), in the "vars" property.
For example:

```yml
commands:
  mycmd:
    command: printf 2019
    var: select_year
```

After executing the command above, `Context` would contain:

```json
{
  "env": {},
  "vars": {
    "select_year": "2019"
  }
}
```

This changes a couple of things. The most important one is that, results from "steps" should now just be in an array and not a map.
Reason is, with the array, we can execute the same step as many times as we want.
For example:

```yml
- step1:
    stdout: "A"
- step1:
    stdout: "B"
```

TemplateContext used during evaluation of tags in mods can still use either the global results of steps or the { env: {}, vars: {} } context or combination of both.
Having said that, I'm not sure we need both a _pCurrentActivityResult_, _pGlobalResult_ anymore.

### Process flow (DONE 06/23/2019)

The last piece is control over process flow. Maybe a command or test should stop the process.
Right now it's done with the awkward "exit: true" in the promise result.

I think each Mod should resolve with an ProcessFlow-type object.
Maybe it just resolves "exit: true" if process needs to stop. That's a good start. Later on we could improve the control over the flow.

In particular, the `commands` mod should have:

```
ignoreErrors: true|false
exitOnError: true|false
skipStepOnError: true|false
```

For this to work, there has to be a contract between Mods and ETL.
Meaning ETL has to understand parts of the results from a given Mod, at least the control flow part.
For example, maybe a Mod should resolve (or reject) using parameter like so:

```
{ results: [], exit: true|false, error: ... }
```

(23/05/2019) Was thinking maybe a process needs to skip an activity but not the rest. For example, data hasn't change so no need to create same data profiling again, but we may still want to create a week-to-week report for example (to show data hasn't changed).

How about:

```
{ results: [], exit: true|false, skip: true|false, error: ... }
```
