## (11/26/2019) ETL Testing

### How to "unit test" ETL?

What do we need to test?

- code is right: syntax vs. ETL-JS and mods
- code within mod: For example: can we compile ECL code for hpcc-ecl mod?
- how about moving files around? (downloading, testing existance, etc.)

There are 3 kind of results:

1. actual (expected) right result. E.g.: got "something":0, as expected.
2. acutal wrong result. E.g.: got "something": 1 but expected 0
3. (unexpected) error. E.g.: something threw an exception, somewhere.

Going through ETL template, we can collect all mods and associate "mock" executors (??? what if mod doesn't need executor? like fetching url).

Then create test plan, where each executor can either be RESULT, UNEXPECTED_RESULT, UNEXPECTED_ERROR.
In a way, like genetic algo, except that instead of being binary, might just have more states.

`MUST`: for each test plan, must be able to explain what happened: what was the test about, and what broke exactly (in plain English).

For each mod, there could be a specific "Tester". For example, for "file", the "Tester" will take care of urls and such.
For mods without their specific "Tester", just do generic testing: `mock executor`.

### Can we call an ETL template inside an ETL template?

This could be interesting. The idea is that, sometimes we have ETL templates based on existing infrastructure (e.g. a database, tables, files, web services, etc.).
The ETL Template Unit Test could setup that infrastructure for the ETL template to be tested.
