## (06/05/2020) Improvements, Resumable Process

### Improvements

Separate `process properties` vs. `command properties`.
For example, command might ask process to save variables (and consequently re-load them).
For example:

```yml
root:
  commands:
    001_toto:
      command: echo "toto"
      cwd: /home
      test: [! -F /tmp/toto]
      _resumable: true
      _save_state: true
```

#### Resumable process

It might be more on `etl-js-cli` side, but the idea is to provide a more "async" ETL process.
For example, ETL process is triggered automatically every hour or so. Part of the process is to have user login to update some protected resources (e.g. Google Sheet).
The process would be:

- Run couple steps
- Request user to sign in (because either don't have any tokens or token expired)
- User signs in
- Process is resumed once sign in detected (most likely IdP redirected to page that would help resume the process)

In this situation, ETL JS might need an online Service as the "middleman".
ETL JS would contact the Service to "drop" a token (along with oauth2 state maybe), to be used as callback once user has logged in.
Service sends notification to user that an action is required (here a login).
Once user logged in, either callback is called by Service or ETL JS requests update/status.
ETJ JS would poll for updates from Service and retrieve token, necessary to continue with the process.

Problems:

- Need a separate web Service (could be a Lambda function though).
- ETL JS needs to poll Service regularly
- ETL JS process must be resumable: this means, whatever variables were used before, it should be able to load (and saved it prior) variables.

How???
We would need to save the activity name, but also which step we were at, AND let the step handle its own resume.
For example:

```yaml
activity1:
  commands:
    001_hello: ...
    002_world: ...
  files: ...
```

Say we want `002_world` to be resumable.
Process would save `activity1`, and `commands`, but then the CommandsMod would need to save `002_world` somehow.
The ETL process would call CommandsMod.resume(....) instead of the usual Mod.handle(...) (or some extra parameters).

That mean ETL must store its own state as well.
Draft of state:

```yml
etlSet: "abc" # even if it was an activity?
step: "commands"
retries: 0 # ????
context: {
  vars: ...
  env: ...
}
```

We can add a new optional parameter `resume` to Mod's `handle()` method:

```js
export default interface Mod {
  register(pETL: IETL): void;
  handle(
    pParent: string,
    pConfig: any,
    pExecutor: Executor,
    pContext: Context,
    pResume?: boolean
  ): Promise<any>;
}
```

But still: how does a Mod save the exact step it was last processing????

ETL Template to use for testing resumable process:

```yml
etlSets:
  default:
    - a1
    - a2

a1:
  test:
    dontmatter: 1
  breaker:
    times: 2
a2:
  test:
    dontmatter: 1
```

The TestMod (etl/test.ts) will count calls made to the mod.
The BreakerMod (`TODO`) will "break" (exit) until counter reaches "times" value. In the example above it will "break" 2 times, before process proceeds to next activity.
The test then is:

```js
oTested
  .process(oETL)
  .then(() => {
    assert.equal(oTestMod.calls(), 1);
    return oTested.process(oETL); // re-running it...might need some extra bits of info to understand to "resume" from before
  })
  .then(() => {
    assert.equal(oTestMod.calls(), 1);
    return oTested.process(oETL);
  })
  .then(() => {
    assert.equal(oTestMod.calls(), 2);
  });
```
