# (02/21/2021) Following on 2/18/2021

I forgot that the new `Activity` structure is as such:

```yml
activity1:
  executor?: string
  max-retries: 10
  ...
  steps:
    ...
```

It doesn't solve (yet) the problem of duplicate `Mods` withint `steps`, but it's just a reminder.
We could try to support both legacy and `advanced` structure like so:

```yml
activityLegacy:
  commands:
    ...
activityNew:
  executor: ...
  ...
  steps:
    commands:
      ...
activityNewAdvanced:
  executor: ...
  ...
  steps:
    step1:
      commands:
        ...
```

Rule 1: **If _activity_ has an element _steps_, proceed using the new structure. Otherwise, use _legacy_ (with _executor_ feature still).**

Rule 2: **Within _steps_, check if contains any element with "step[0-9]+". At the first element matching this pattern, proceed with _advanced_ feature. Otherwise, create new _step0_ element and resolve the rest under that new element (therefore following the _advanced_ feature).**

Started coding that new structure and rules.
I'm back at handling how to deal with ERRORs and the FLOW (working on modThrowingError test).
Right now I'm catching the error in Activity.ts and returning `Promise.resolve()` (so to speak) with a status=IN_ERROR.
I'm translating that ActivityStatus into a (new) ETLStatus. I do think there's a good reason to separate ActivityResult and ETLResult (e.g. ETL process is DONE, whether in error or not), but I can see how ActivityResult could also just be ETLStatus.
Couple things right now I need to figure out:

- There's a difference in all levels of error: 1) error from the Mod's handle() method (e.g. a syntax error or null references, etc.), 2) a process error (e.g. CommandsMod's command exited with error code 1), 3) error in activity.ts (not handling some special case for example), 4) error in etl.ts (same here), 5) any unexpected error (big try/catch in etl and activity process\* method for example).
- The _status_ really need some work. Gotta figure out the actual state vs. the information provided with the state. For example, something can be DONE, but could have an ERROR as well. So the STATE = DONE, but an ERROR could be provided. We could also split the DONE state into DONE (without ERROR)), and DONE_WITH_ERROR or IN_ERROR. And then we gotta figure out thos different level of ERRORs.

Ideas:

1. Errors thrown from ETL (etl.ts) inside the etl.ts script, should be thrown as well to clients. This skips the `Promise.reject()`. This should definitely stop the process.
2. Errors thrown within an `Activity` should be caught by etl.ts and relayed as `Promise.reject()`. This should stop the process.
3. Errors from `Promise.reject()` within an `Activity` should be caught by etl.ts and relayed in ETLResult. This should stop the process, unless specified othewise.
4. Errors thrown within a `step` should be caught by `Activity` and relayed in ActivityResult. This should stop the overall process (unless specified otherwise)
5. Errors from Promise.reject() within a `step` should be caught by `Activity` and relayed in ActivityResult.
